Create v1.10.2.md (#5979)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.10.2.md

# Dapr 1.10.2

## Fix removing extra commits from master branch in 1.10.1

### Problem

This release does not address any known issue. The Dapr 1.10.1 hotfix contained additional commits from the `master` branch that were not part of the 1.10 release branch.
The 1.10.2 hotfix guarantees that all changes in the release are tested and validated.

### Impact

> There is no known impact to users.

Reviewer: Shouldn’t we say here that there is an impact as the build contained code that hadn’t been thoroughly tested yet?

### Root cause

> The v1.10.1 tag pulled in additional commits from the `master` branch, possibly due to being based off of `master` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The v1.10.1 tag pulled in additional code changes from the `master` branch, that were not scheduled to be included in a release yet.
```

### Solution

> Tagging a minor version release off of the `release-1.10` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are releasing Dapr v1.10.2 with the correct set of changes from the Dapr 1.10 branch, and deleting all artifacts for Dapr v1.10.1.
```
